Today is for you he of rules
video to the witcher is a sting
card game of nokia but there are some
in this game so he's going to say
have to guess how many stitches too
get and how the whole thing works
no video I told say as
plays in brussels
with us it is so there is included
a little block on this blog
can you name your name up here
register from the respective players and
has to see right here as well
many will be played down the see
one appeared here three players 20
round play four players would 15
playing five players would be twelve
six players play us ten down
play
what does it mean the whole will be in
every round at every player, so many
cards dealt like this under straight
that means a first round
then you get a card in the 11th
every 1120 eg every 20 cards
It is now played the follow the
ie it will go and split
First would like to state
that means she will be a left right
and in the middle of me so then the
next step
I think the trump color on the case
it applies here now everyone looks
player still has his cable connection open
and the player to the left of the dealer
would have to announce first as well
get this stitch or not
one becomes the scribe who stays
I changed the scribe scribe
do not try anything for too
complicated
he has the names here now
small column
a big column in the small column
always write you in
how many stitches each player has
has announced so later
Compare but be on time or
Not
would would say in this fall
maybe say okay I have it myself
to create meat you have to consider
There are four colors
that is red green yellow and blue
four names and 14
the numbers from 1 to 13
mostly a conversation continued bad
and no trump and that would actually
that would be for some rounds
Now we come to the points award
and there are 20 per won stitch
points and ten per correct bid
points that is the first round can
I will make a maximum of 30 points
kill him and he will get him too
he would rather get 30 points for that
20 for the engraving and c for the right one
announcement how to win a sting now
the left of the donor always gives
first the first card in the stitch
into it and the others have to remember it
hold
that means if I have this card now
would play all the players
mandatory
so one can not play rome
he could also play laptop games
or other color live
Mind you, wins here always the
highest number in the ice when I go
benefit now
played with some twelve I was
but none have not the 13
yellow where money is not a trump card
this card the 13 money the 12
defeat red because the highest number
wins the sting not the highest
the number served should be the highest number
third let it be trump
played when there is a trump here
would be played here as well
even the only trump are enough
it needs to be served it's magic
or after the magic and fools can
always be played no matter serve
can or not
important in the name and in the
magic that you since it's fourth child
it is also the possibility with the
winning names because the first one after
wins in prank, so to speak
unloading counts for nothing
the magic walked all the magicians
may always throw
he also has the highest
hit number over the one of the
random won hand takes the sting before
sit down and put that in front of you and
the new stab wound starts naturally
only because he later only one each
but who would be a 20 now
won the second round sting I would
start when the creepy all distributed
are
then the training is done it will
by counting the cards give change
and also the announcer grows that is
the next one would be to the left of the caliber
changing so what now happens if at
trump on which a magician lies at
step on deck a wizard is lying too
the one who has split the color
determine
that is the cash register card office
look at it and say okay after all
a lot of red red is now printing what would be
However, if one is up with
1 is up then there is no
despite probably noticed no matter which
stations the last round will be there
the data will be completely distributed
There is no trump it is important in there
really the highest number wins and
then you can do it with five or six
It's important to win already
what happens if somebody once
very first card in the stich purely throws
he does not know what you serve
then it will be like this then
next ride is also played
for example red would be red now
color to serve the driver that is
each additional games need these colors
play
what happens when a magician starts
being played by a magician is gone
no matter we can feed what you like
will you have to have to use anything
note
you can go also so ne high cards
Maybe I'll trade with those
win
but maybe not anymore
that does not need a wizarding game
that over can be good for the over
other or bad
that offer until the end of the
table off and the one with the most
win points so that's it
back fun and so that
Conclusion always follows until then I would
say you have got yourselves